The Analysis: Your Build Isn't Actually Running
Look at these two lines specifically:

WARN! Due tobuildsexisting in your configuration file, the Build and Development Settings defined in your Project Settings will not apply.

This is a critical clue. It confirms you are using a vercel.json file. Because this file exists, Vercel is completely ignoring the "Framework Preset," "Build Command," and "Output Directory" you may have set in the project dashboard. The vercel.json file is now 100% in control.
Build Completed in /vercel/output [1s]

This is the smoking gun. A standard React build (npm run build) which transpiles code, bundles assets, and performs optimizations takes much longer than a single second.
This means your actual React build script was never executed. The vercel.json file told Vercel to install dependencies and then... it finished. Vercel then deployed an essentially empty output directory, which is why you see a "404: NOT_FOUND" — there's no index.html file to serve.
The Solution: Fix the vercel.json or Remove It
You have two clear paths forward. The simplest is often the best.

Option 1: The Recommended Path (Easiest)
This approach leverages Vercel's powerful automatic configuration and removes the source of the problem.

Delete the vercel.json file from your repository.
Go to your Vercel project dashboard.
Navigate to Settings > General.
Configure the Build & Development Settings correctly:
Framework Preset: Create React App (or Vite if you used that).
Build Command: npm run build (or yarn build). Make sure this is toggled on and the command is correct.
Output Directory: build (or dist if you're using Vite).
Install Command: npm install (or yarn).
Go to the Deployments tab and trigger a new deployment.
By removing vercel.json, you are giving control back to the Vercel dashboard settings, which are designed to handle this perfectly.

Option 2: The vercel.json Path (Advanced)
If you have a specific reason to use vercel.json (e.g., custom redirects or headers later), you need to fix it so it actually runs the build.

Replace the entire content of your vercel.json with the following. This code correctly tells Vercel to use the static build preset, which will automatically run the build script from your package.json.

JSON

{
  "version": 2,
  "builds": [
    {
      "src": "package.json",
      "use": "@vercel/static-build",
      "config": {
        "distDir": "build"
      }
    }
  ],
  "routes": [
    {
      "handle": "filesystem"
    },
    {
      "src": "/(.*)",
      "dest": "/index.html"
    }
  ]
}
Before you use this code, check two things:

Does your package.json have a build script? It should look like this:
JSON

"scripts": {
  "build": "react-scripts build"
},
If you are using Vite instead of Create React App, change "distDir": "build" to "distDir": "dist".
After updating your vercel.json with this code, commit the change and Vercel will trigger a new deployment. This time, watch the build log—you should see it take much longer than 1 second as it correctly builds your React application.